# Data-Sets
**IAAA_raw_2023-06-07**: a CSV file of artists included in Watson Library's **Index of African American Artists**. The file includes, whenever possible/applicable: artist's name, birth year, death year, description, links to Watsonline and Met Collections searches, Wikipedia entry, and a link to their African American Visual Artists Database entry; there is a unique local identifier for each artist, as well as the artist's Wikidata ID. ULAN ID, Library of Congress Authority ID, and VIAF ID are included when available through Wikidata. Includes 637 artists as of last update on 2023-06-07.

**IAAPI_raw_2023_05_31**: a CSV file of artists included in Watson Library's **Index of Asian American and Pacific Islander Artists**. The file includes, whenever possible/applicable: artist's name, birth year, death year, ancestry/heritage, description, links to Watsonline and Met Collections searches, Wikipedia entry, and link to artasiamerica entry. There is a unique local identifier for each artist, as well as the artist's Wikidata ID. ULAN ID, Library of Congress Authority ID, and VIAF ID are included when available through Wikidata. Includes 930 artists as of last update on 2023-05-31. 

**IINAA_raw_2023-05-24**: a CSV file of artists included in Watson Library's **Index of Indigenous and Native American Artists**. The file includes, whenever possible/applicable: artist's name, birth year, death year, geographical region of the artist's ancestry/heritage, description, links to Watsonline and Met Collections searches, Wikipedia entry, and link to NAARCO entry. There is a unique local identifier for each artist, as well as the artist's Wikidata ID, ULAN ID, NACO ID, and VIAF URI. Includes 1,149 artists as of last update on 2023-05-24. 

**ILHAA_raw_2023-05-24**: a CSV file of artists included in Watson **Library's Index of Latinx and Hispanic American Artists**. The file includes, whenever possible/applicable: artist's name, birth year, death year, ancestry/heritage, description, links to Watsonline and Met Collections searches, and Wikipedia entry. There is a unique local identifier for each artist, as well as the artist's Wikidata ID, ULAN ID, and Library of Congress Authority ID. Includes 868 artists as of last update on 2023-05-24. 
